add toc (#72)
IBM/KubeflowDojo: OpenShift/manifests/README.md

## Deploy Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton backend on OpenShift Container Platform

- [Deploy Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton backend on OpenShift Container Platform](#deploy-kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton-backend-on-openshift-container-platform)
  - [Prepare OpenShift cluster environment](#prepare-openshift-cluster-environment)

>   - [Deploy Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton backend](#deploy-kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton-backend)

Reviewer: We should two sections under this 
a. bring your Tekton
b. leverage OpenShift Pipelines (built on Tekton)

Author: Done

```

`$kfp_ui` is the url for the Kubeflow Pipelines UI and `$tekton_ui` is the url for the Tekton Dashboard.

### Update configmap when running with OpenShift Pipelines

> If you choose to deploy Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton backend using this KfDef Configuration [kfctl_openshift_pipelines.v1.1.0.yaml](./kfctl_openshift_pipelines.v1.1.0.yaml), you need to update the following configmap to support the use case where users put `$HOME` in their containers when running pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to deploy Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton backend using OpenShift Pipelines product, supported via this KfDef Configuration [kfctl_openshift_pipelines.v1.1.0.yaml](./kfctl_openshift_pipelines.v1.1.0.yaml), you need to update the following configmap to support the use cases where users use `$HOME` variable in their containers when running pipelines.
```
